Correcting Line 22 (#22292)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/auth/google.md

First, you need to create a Google OAuth Client:

> 1. Go to https://console.developers.google.com/apis/credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to https://console.developers.google.com/apis/credentials.
```

Author: Thank you for the suggestion, please merge

> 2. Click the 'Create Credentials' button, then click 'OAuth Client ID' in the drop down menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Create Credentials**, then click **OAuth Client ID** in the drop-down menu
```

Reviewer: Per Microsoft Style Guide, most clickable elements in the UI are bold. 

Also, see their guidance on the use of "drop-down." https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/d/drop-down
